## MinIO S3 module **[WHMCS](https://puqcloud.com/link.php?id=77)**

#####  [Order now](https://puqcloud.com/index.php?rp=/store/whmcs-module-minio-s3) | [Download](https://download.puqcloud.com/WHMCS/servers/PUQ_WHMCS-MinIO-S3/) | [FAQ](https://faq.puqcloud.com/)

# Changelog

### v1.9.1 Released 13-08-2024
Fixed bug with password, when "Show password" is "no"

- - - - - -

### v1.9 Released 26-06-2024
1. Adapted to MinIO version RELEASE.2024-06-26T01-06-18Z
 
> Attention, the module will not work with versions lower than Adapted to MinIO version RELEASE.2024-06-26T01-06-18Z

- - - - - -

### v1.8 Released 06-06-2024

1. Client area more adapted for mobile version
2. Buttons for copying login and password have been added to the client area

- - - - - -

### v1.7 Released 16-05-2024

1. User blocking is disabled after the limit is reached
2. When the limit is exhausted, the policy switches to "Raw policy Disk limit"
3. Added functional buttons and policy management in the admin area
4. Added a functional button for Recalculate Disk Space disk space so that the client can enable read and write rights after cleaning his disk
 
> After updating, you need to insert and save the "Raw policy Disk limit" in the product settings

```
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "admin:Heal",
                "admin:SetBucketTarget",
                "admin:TopLocksInfo",
                "admin:DataUsageInfo",
                "admin:GetBucketQuota",
                "admin:GetBucketTarget"
            ],
            "Resource": [
                "arn:aws:s3:::<USER_ID>*"
            ]
        },
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "s3:GetObject",
                "s3:DeleteObject",
                "s3:ListBucket"
            ],
            "Resource": [
                "arn:aws:s3:::<USER_ID>*"
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

- - - - - -

### v1.6 Released 21-12-2023

Fixed Issues:

1. Resolved a bug preventing the deletion of policies when an account is deleted.

Enhancements:

1. Improved the API error logging system for enhanced diagnostics and troubleshooting.

New Features:

1. Added functionality to disable bucket creation by default.
2. Introduced the option to set a default bucket suffix.

Client Area Enhancements:

1. Added the ability to disable the display of service passwords by default.
2. Introduced a "Show" button for displaying service passwords in the Client Area.
3. Provided options to display service passwords in plain text.
 
> **You should save the 'Module Setting' in your products for the module to function correctly.**

- - - - - -

### v1.5 Released 18-12-2023
1. Support MinIO RELEASE.2023-12-14T18-51-57Z
2. Minor changes in the client area

- - - - - -

### v1.4 Released 08-09-2023
1. Support MinIO RELEASE.2023-10-07T15-07-38Z
2. Translations added/updated (Arabic, Azerbaijani, Catalan, Chinese, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Estonian, Farsi, French, German, Hebrew, Hungarian, Italian, Macedonian, Norwegian, Polish,  Romanian, Russian, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish, Ukrainian)

- - - - - -

### v1.3 Released 08-09-2023
1. Support MinIO RELEASE.2023-09-07T02-05-02Z

- - - - - -

### v1.2 Released 05-03-2023
 
1. Support for PHP 8.1 and PHP 7.4
2. Support **MinIO RELEASE.2023-02-22T18-23-45Z.**
3. Changes made to templates, add icons
4. API timeout set 30

- - - - - -

### v1.1 Released 22-02-2023

1. Support WHMCS V8.6
2. Support for PHP 8.1 (Loader v12) and PHP 7.4
3. Changes made to templates
4. In the service settings, the choice of email template was changed to a drop-down menu.
5. Added translations: German, Ukranian
6. Updated mechanism for deleting objects, buckets, and user when terminating a service

- - - - - -

### v1.0 Released 01-08-2022

First version
